[THUNDER CLAP]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a great guest for you.
Georgina Cannon is an author,
speaker, original founder
of Canada's largest hypnosis
school and clinic, called
the Ontario Hypnosis Center.
And she is an NLP master--
we'll talk about
that in a moment--
and recently published a
new book called "Your Guide
to Self Discovery."
Georgina, welcome
to the program.
>>GEORGINA CANNON: Thank you.
It's a delight to see you again.
>>GEORGE: I've always loved
your name because my mother is
called Georgette--
>>CANNON: Ah.
>>GEORGE: --and that's
pretty darn close.
>>CANNON: It is.
Yes.
>>GEORGE: Where'd
you get the name?
>>CANNON: I think my parents
were expecting a boy so they
were going to call me George.
My best friend also
calls me George,
which confuses a lot of people.
So but when they saw
that I was a girl,
they changed it to Georgina,
which is an Old English name,
as you know.
And I've enjoyed it.
I like it.
>>GEORGE: It's a great name.
It's fitting for you.
>>CANNON: Thank you.
>>GEORGE: Now, what
is an NLP Master?
>>CANNON: NLP stands for
Neuro-Linguistic Programming,
which is a process by which
you use language to study
the modalities of success.
And you break it down,
and you teach people
how to use it in
minute dimensions
so that you become
successful at everything.
The original founders
of NLP studied
people who were
successful in everything,
whether it be
sports, biochemistry,
science, and discovered what it
was that made them successful--
how they thought,
how they moved.
>>GEORGE: Right.
>>CANNON: And that's what
we take into the process,
and we teach other people how to
do it-- be successful at life.
>>GEORGE: Did they find
common denominators
with these successful people?
>>CANNON: Yes, always.
Common denominators is that you
can imagine being successful.
You can see yourself
as a success.
>>GEORGE: Let's--
give me an example.
Let's say Jeff
Bezos from Amazon.
What would they see in him?
>>CANNON: They might
see that he's a planner.
They might see that he
understands the bigger
picture, but not only
the bigger picture,
but he understands the
method of how to get there.
And they might take
something that he
has done from inception
to where it is now
and see the path
that that's taken.
So it's not just blue-skying.
It is innovating, creating, and
implementing how to get there.
>>GEORGE: Do you teach
people how to get there?
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Or do they
already have that ability
to do it on their own?
>>CANNON: Some people
do, some people don't.
That's what coaching
is all about.
So some people just blue sky
and come up with great ideas
but don't know how
to achieve them
or if, in fact,
they're practical.
So we discuss it, and we say,
well, what's the solution
after next?
So you've achieved that.
How does that look?
How does it feel?
How does it manifest for you.
And how does it manifest for
the world and the people you
want to impact with that idea?
>>GEORGE: Does it make
people a better person?
>>CANNON: It makes them a
more understanding person.
>>GEORGE: To who?
>>CANNON: To themselves
and to other people.
>>GEORGE: Interesting.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Now, when you wrote
the book, your latest book,
tell me about this.
>>CANNON: It suddenly
dawned on me one day
that we see ourselves,
the way we've
been told to see ourselves, the
way our parents have told us
that we are or society
or school or whatever,
but we've never had a
personal look at who we are.
So I thought, well, that
might be interesting.
Because we go through life
knowing that we're this
or we're that or the other,
that people have told us we are,
both through business
and through school
and through life.
So I searched for experts that
could use different modalities
to explain how we can find
out more about ourselves
and asked them to
write a chapter
for their particular modality
so that the reader could say,
oh, I didn't know
that about myself.
And at the end of
each chapter, there's
a little questionnaire
that says,
what did you discover
in this chapter?
>>GEORGE: That's novel.
I like it.
>>CANNON: And at
the end of the book,
they get to introduce
themselves to their new self.
So--
>>GEORGE: And do they
like the new self?
>>CANNON: Well, I
think human nature
being what it is,
they will let go
of the things they don't like
and discover understandings,
new understandings.
For instance, when I was
talking to Kathy Biehl
about her chapter,
and I said, how can
you read hands on Zoom
because you don't see people,
and she works with
people around the world.
She said, hold up your hand,
and I held it up to the screen.
And she said, oh,
boy, you're resilient.
>>GEORGE: Well,
yeah, you could see.
>>CANNON: So I said,
how can you tell that?
She said, well, and she went
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah.
And I thought, yes
I, am resilient.
I didn't realize that that's
what it was that kept me going.
So now I know I'm resilient.
>>GEORGE: We have a palm reader
who comes on the radio show
"Coast to Coast," and he does
palm reading by Zoom the same
way--
>>CANNON: Same thing.
>>GEORGE: --holding up
your hand and same thing.
We've got a picture of
the cover of your book.
Let's take a look at it.
>>CANNON: OK, great.
>>GEORGE: And tell us what
we're looking at here.
>>CANNON: Well, as you can
see, butterflies change,
and the flower is blossoming--
"Your Guide to Self
Discovery and Twenty Ways
to Find the True You."
So it's about you, who you are.
And by the way, these
are my favorite colors.
And the designers at
Llewellyn didn't know that,
but when they
designed the cover I
was thrilled, because yellow
and blue, my home is--
have a lot of color in it,
mostly yellow and blue.
So that's what that
really looks like,
and that's what it stands for.
>>GEORGE: Some people, Georgina,
self-discover and decide,
I don't like who I am.
>>CANNON: If they do, it's a
perfect opportunity to change,
because until you know
what you're dealing with,
you can't make change.
So if you don't like who
you are because you're
a procrastinator,
or you don't like
who you are because you
shoot yourself in the foot
all the time.
You get going, but you don't
quite complete anything.
And you suddenly say, you know,
I don't like that about myself.
That's when you say, oh,
what can I do about that?
And hopefully, you
find someone who's
a coach, counselor, hypnotist,
regression therapist who
can help you--
>>GEORGE: That's what you do.
>>CANNON: --that's what I do--
find the new way of becoming
who you would like to be.
And not only that,
but you can envision
what it is that you
would like to be,
what it looks like, how it
affects the others around you,
how it will affect your life
when you make that change.
>>GEORGE: How soon do
you see the changes?
>>CANNON: Sometimes
within two sessions.
Sometimes, it takes
a little longer,
depends on how radical
the change has to be.
Because the thing about
change is that sometimes, we
lose the friends we've carried
with us because of the way
we are.
>>GEORGE: Things happen.
>>CANNON: And things happen.
And when we change, we
become stronger in ourselves,
and we know who we are.
And when you know who you
are, you develop boundaries.
And so sometimes, the people
who've crossed your boundaries
don't want to be part of your
friendship circle anymore.
>>GEORGE: What experts
contributed to your new book,
what type of people?
>>CANNON: Oh, there's
a whole pile of them.
There's Kathy Biehl.
There's Beryl Comar,
who lives in Spain.
>>GEORGE: Tell me
what each one does.
>>CANNON: Oh, I wish
I could remember.
I need the list in front of
me because there's 18 of them
because I wrote three chapters.
There's 18 of them.
So Lee-Anne McAlear writes
about creativity and innovation.
>>GEORGE: Did you seek them out?
>>CANNON: Yes.
Yes.
First of all, I
looked for experts
that knew what they
were talking about
and had written books, because
I wanted people who could write
in a way that was engaging.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>CANNON: OK, there's no
point in writing if it flows
above your head or whatever.
I want people to
engage the reader.
And then I went and asked
them if they would add
to this book and the concept.
Do they like the concept?
If they like the concept,
please come join us.
So we have numerology.
We have birth order, which
I'm a great believer in.
We have a family dynamics.
We have SWOT, which is
Strengths, Weaknesses,
and Opportunities and Threats.
We have--
>>GEORGE: So you run
the full gamut, though.
>>CANNON: Sorry?
>>GEORGE: You run the gamut.
There's a whole gamut of people.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Now, one
of those experts,
Lee-Anne McAlear, excellent,
shares her discovery
on how to develop
her true self through
your creative superpowers.
>>CANNON: That's right.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- I would like to help reframe
how we think about creativity.
The research would show that
creativity shows up, actually,
best in creative
problem-solving,
how we approach, creatively,
the challenges we face.
And the research would say
that there are four stages
in creative problem-solving.
Those stages are the definer,
and the definer is that person.
Their creative
superpower, if you will,
is they are incredible
questioners.
They work to clarify
the issue or opportunity
or challenge that
they are facing,
and they ask the best, most
interesting questions to do so.
And once that's done, the
next stage is for the dazzler.
And that's the person
who is the idea machine.
You know this person.
They're the one who
come up with ideas.
They are relentless
in their ideation.
They just have a million ideas.
They're the dazzler.
And that's at a really
important step in the process,
but it's not the end.
Having a lot of
ideas doesn't get you
to a solution or a
solution that works.
What does are the next
two phases, which are,
you take the idea.
You decide on the one
you want to move forward,
and the designer takes it over.
And the designer is the
one who takes the idea
and brings it to life.
They design it so that
it has effect and impact.
And then finally, there's
the creative driver.
And the creative driver in
the creative problem-solving
process is the one
who makes it happen.
Any creative solution
is the result
of these four creative
preferences, these four
creative superpowers,
if you will,
and in the creative
problem-solving process.
The chapter, "What is
Your Creative Superpower,"
will explore this topic.
We will work together to
help define and identify
your creative superpower.
And you will also be better
able to recognize other people's
superpower.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>GEORGE: She knows what
she's talking about.
>>CANNON: She absolutely knows
what she's talking about.
She's also Head of Innovation
at York University in Toronto.
>>GEORGE: That's impressive.
>>CANNON: Yes, it is.
And the other thing is
it gets this discussion
that she has here,
and in the book,
helps people understand
that everyone is creative.
>>GEORGE: What kind
of criteria, Georgina,
did you use to seek
out these experts?
>>CANNON: I wanted them
to be able to explain what
they do in people language.
I didn't want it to be academic.
I didn't want scientific.
I wanted it to be able to touch
the heart as well as the mind
so that people could feel
safe exploring themselves.
Because sometimes, when you
explore yourself, as you know.
I'm sure you've done it.
The work you do, you must have.
It's challenging and a little
scary from time to time.
You don't know what
you're going to find.
So they wanted
people to come across
as kind, understanding,
and accessible,
but also, in part, a knowledge
and a deep, experienced way
of writing that people could
find useful in their life.
>>GEORGE: Interesting.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: What is birth order?
What is that?
>>CANNON: I love this.
I used-- when I ran
a large organization,
I used to hire on birth order.
Birth order--
>>GEORGE: Really.
>>CANNON: Yes, really.
Birth order is where
you are in the hierarchy
of you're the eldest or the
middle or the youngest child.
>>GEORGE: In your family.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: That's all?
>>CANNON: That's
birth order, yes.
>>GEORGE: I was the first.
>>CANNON: You were the first.
Well, you're the pioneer.
See, first-born
children, usually,
are entrepreneurs, CEOs.
They are people that
break new ground because--
>>GEORGE: Seriously?
>>CANNON: --yeah.
Because not only do you
learn to lead the way,
you also have parents who are
learning how to be parents.
By the time the middle
child comes along,
the atmosphere is
very different.
>>GEORGE: Big time.
>>CANNON: Big time.
And the second child
is then the youngest
until the third comes along.
And then the baby is the one
that is usually the charmer.
By the way, most
entertainers, comedians,
performers are babies of the
family, not all, of course,
but most.
So when I was hiring,
if I needed someone
to do client service work,
if I had two people that
were exactly the same for
credibility, experience, et
cetera, and I wanted them
to do client service work,
I choose the baby of the family.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>CANNON: Really.
>>GEORGE: That's fascinating.
>>CANNON: If I wanted
someone to build business,
I choose the firstborn,
everything else being equal.
>>GEORGE: Is the
poor second person--
>>CANNON: They're
very good negotiators.
Most politicians
are middle children.
Most successful politicians
>>GEORGE: Well, I
look at my family.
I was number one.
I have a sister
who was number two.
And then I had a third
sister, who has passed on,
who was number three.
>>CANNON: And?
>>GEORGE: They all fit.
I think we all fit the
categories you just described.
>>CANNON: Right.
Right.
It's uncanny.
I would say that 90%
of the time, it works.
Yeah.
>>GEORGE: And the
number-two person,
she's on social media all
the time even at her age,
now, directing people and
doing this and doing that.
>>CANNON: Exactly.
Mediators, very good mediators.
>>GEORGE: Who teaches them this?
>>CANNON: Hmm?
>>CANNON: They learn how to
manage, how to be the middle,
how to be under the top
and work with that baby.
The baby, by the way,
also, sometimes, you'll
find that the youngest
child always needs rescuing.
They are-- If they
are in trouble,
they wait for someone
else to rescue them.
Whereas, the oldest child,
if they're in trouble,
usually, they find a
way out themselves.
>>GEORGE: We do it ourselves.
>>CANNON: That's right.
>>GEORGE: We don't
like to ask for help.
You find that to be
the case too, right?
>>CANNON: Yes.
I look at numerology, and I
look at astrology as well.
So number 8 is a
starter, someone
who can be overpowering
if you're not careful,
which I know that about myself
because that's part of it.
>>GEORGE: Is that you?
>>CANNON: Yeah, part
of being an Aries.
>>GEORGE: How does astrology
play into self-discovery?
>>CANNON: It helps you
understand your strengths
and weaknesses.
It helps you understand,
not only your strengths
and weaknesses, but where
to put your energies.
So if you've been putting
your energies into life,
and it hasn't been
working, maybe that's
the wrong path for you.
And astrology can help
you sort through that.
It's not the definitive answer
because we always have choice.
I mean, let's be
real about this.
There's no one way
of doing anything.
>>GEORGE: There's
free will here, right?
>>CANNON: Your will.
That's right.
We have free will, yeah.
>>GEORGE: Now, we
talked about palmistry.
Kathy Biehl, Lisa Greenfield
explained the harnessing power
of astrology and palmistry.
>>CANNON: Yes.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- The astrology chapter in
"Your Guide to Self Discovery"
is designed to give you an
outsider's view or maybe
some more objectivity into your
sun sign and your rising sign
if you know that.
It helps you understand
your basic inclinations,
the default behaviors
that you gravitate toward,
and also, the challenges
that you may experience
as a result of your wiring.
And one aspect of
it that's really
different for a
book of this nature
is it helps you see how you are
perceived, how others see you,
not in a judgmental
way, but to give you
an understanding of why people
respond to you the way they do.
- I loved sharing about
the heart line in the book,
although, it was
really hard to decide.
I went with the fact that the
heart line is the top line
on your hand for a reason.
Now, granted, I mean, there's so
much information in your hands,
even where your
fingers sit, right?
And all of this is formed by
what we think, feel, and act.
So as you think, feel,
and act in new ways,
it literally changes
the shape of your hands
and those lines on them.
But the heart, that's
the place where
it has the electromagnetic field
that it magnetizes in, I think,
something like 5,000 times
more than our thoughts do.
So that's why it's the top
line on the hand, which
is where, if we understand
how to align with that,
we can literally magnetize
in opportunities.
So why not start there, right?
All right, thanks for
the opportunity to share.
And by all means, go
see what's on hand.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>GEORGE: Georgina,
what's the importance,
and how do we align
with the heart?
>>CANNON: Huh.
If you don't align
with the heart,
you're always slightly
out step with yourself.
>>GEORGE: Yeah.
>>CANNON: Some
people just say, I
can't seem to get
traction in my life.
I can't seem--
>>GEORGE: --can't get going.
>>CANNON: --can't get going.
And when I do get going,
I keep slipping back.
It's like two steps
forward, and one step back,
and I'm not sure why.
And it's because they're not in
alignment with who they truly
are and understanding
who they are
and where their strengths
and weaknesses are.
And they don't
understand, really,
what their
possibilities are, maybe
because they've been brought
up, when they were young,
to always think that
they were a failure
or they'd never be
any good or maybe
they just had a
tough early life.
And that's become
like subtle self-talk
that they don't recognize.
So that's where hypnosis
and regression helps.
But when you work through
these other modalities,
they can then say themselves,
I've got possibilities here.
That's what I loved
about this concept.
It shows the reader
they have possibilities
to change and become
more than they
know they thought they were.
>>GEORGE: The great American
prophet Edgar Cayce--
>>CANNON: Ah.
>>GEORGE: --could read auras
of people, different colors
and different things.
And one day, he was
getting on an elevator
on a 10th, 20th
floor of a building.
The door opened, and he
saw several people in there
without any auras at all.
It scared the living
daylights out of him.
He did not go in the elevator.
He backed out.
The door closed, the
elevator cable snapped,
and all these people
fell to their death.
By not seeing the aura, he
realized something was wrong.
>>CANNON: That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Now, auras
have colors, don't they?
>>CANNON: Yes, they do.
And today, by the way,
if we didn't see auras,
we'd wonder if it was
people from another planet.
>>GEORGE: Really.
>>CANNON: Yes.
Or from another dimension.
Because how we see auras is
in the electromagnetic energy
that we emit on this planet at
this time in this environment.
But people who come from other
planets and other dimensions
have a different
energy frequency.
So they don't necessarily
have the same auras.
>>GEORGE: How do our
past lives fit into this?
>>CANNON: Our past lives
show us what patterns
we brought into this lifetime.
People call it karma.
And the thing I love about
karma is people blame karma
for everything.
>>GEORGE: What goes
around comes around.
>>CANNON: That's right.
>>GEORGE: But that's true.
>>CANNON: Sort of, kind of.
>>GEORGE: I think.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Except I believe that
once you understand
what you brought in with
you, if you don't like it,
you can change it.
>>GEORGE: I'll give you
an example about karma.
>>CANNON: Sure.
>>GEORGE: I find
it very difficult
to walk past a homeless
person without giving them
some amount of money,
not a lot, $5, $10, $20.
But I can't walk past
them and not help them.
It's just me.
Now, I do it from the heart.
I don't do it for any
gain or any recognition.
I don't even want
them to thank me.
I just do it.
>>CANNON: Right.
>>GEORGE: But it
seems like every time
I do something like that,
something happens, and it comes
back to me 10- or 20-fold.
I gave a $20 several years
ago to a homeless guy,
went to my PO box, and
there was a check for $1,500
from my insurance company
that I didn't expect.
>>CANNON: Very nice.
>>GEORGE: How does that happen?
>>CANNON: I think it happens
because what we put out there
gets magnified good or bad.
>>GEORGE: Who does it?
Are we doing it, or is
there something else?
>>CANNON: There's
something else.
It's an energy.
It's a momentum.
>>GEORGE: Is it God?
>>CANNON: If you believe
in God, the Creator,
it's an energy of intention.
I do something very
similar, but it's different.
I do-- I drop quarters.
>>GEORGE: Where
do you drop them?
>>CANNON: Everywhere,
in a parking lot.
>>GEORGE: You just drop them?
>>CANNON: I drop
them because what
I want is for someone to say,
oh, look, I found a dime.
Oh, look.
>>GEORGE: You hide and see
who's going to pick them up.
>>CANNON: No, no, no.
No, That's none of my--
that's not my business.
I just drop them
because I want someone
to feel that that's
their lucky day.
>>GEORGE: I would probably
pick up a quarter.
>>CANNON: Of course.
>>GEORGE: Would you
pick up a penny?
>>CANNON: Of course.
>>GEORGE: Only
'cause it's there.
>>CANNON: Because it's there
and because it's a symbol of,
look what I found.
It must be a lucky day.
So I do the same that
way as you do the same.
But what comes back, I
think, is just a blessing
of how we live our life.
The fact that you
see a homeless person
and want to give
them from your heart.
You're not doing it with
intent to get something back.
>>GEORGE: No.
>>CANNON: You're
doing it because you
feel it's the right thing
to do, and you feel empathy
for that person.
And if you feel empathy
for that person,
that spreads the light, if
you want to call it that.
And it comes back to
you in other ways.
>>GEORGE: There was a homeless
person who had a sign--
"Please, I need food and water."
And my producer
felt so bad for him,
he went and got him food and
water and gave it to him.
And the guy said,
you cheapskate.
I want money.
It doesn't work all the time.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Well, I understand
why he did that.
He wanted choice.
>>GEORGE: Well, don't hold
up the sign that says,
give me food and money.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a communication issue.
>>GEORGE: Exactly.
>>CANNON: I'll go coach
him, communication issue.
>>GEORGE: Are
dreams part of this?
>>CANNON: Yes.
Dreams are a part of it.
We project, sometimes, our
fears, our wants and needs,
our wishes into the
subconscious mind,
and that's how we get that
information through dreams.
Sometimes, the dreams
are a manifestation
of what is being unsaid
when we're awake.
>>GEORGE: What about
recurring dreams
that just happen over and over.
>>CANNON: That's
like a hello, hello.
You're not paying
attention to me here.
Listen to this.
>>GEORGE: Before
something happens?
>>CANNON: Before something
happens or before we need
to know something or before--
it's not always bad news.
Sometimes, it's just
information we need to know.
>>GEORGE: Well, you know
Kelly Sullivan Walden--
>>CANNON: Yes, I do.
>>GEORGE: --expert about
telling readers about dreams,
and she talks about that.
>>CANNON: Yeah,
she's in the book.
Yes.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Hello, George and Georgina,
it's Kelly Sullivan Walden,
a.k.a.
Doctor Dream, and
I am so honored
to be one of the authors
featured in Georgina's latest
book, "Your Guide
to Self Discovery."
65% to 75% of adults report
having recurring dreams,
and most of those people
report not knowing
what to do with those dreams.
That's why, in chapter
3 of this book,
I write about my best practices
and best recommendations
for how to resolve
recurring dreams.
I share about my FEAR Formula.
This is a formula
for how to become
transformed by your recurring
dream and/or recurring
nightmare.
So by doing the
FEAR Formula, you
learn to Face it, Embrace
it, Ace it, and Replace it.
Anything that's
happening in the dream,
you learn to turn this
nightmare into a rightmare.
And in the process
of doing this,
you discover a hidden superpower
you didn't know you had.
And you also come to realize
that every single dream
you have comes to
you in the service
of your health, your
healing, and your wholeness.
Sweet dreams.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>GEORGE: Kelly's
got her act together
with recurring
dreams, doesn't she?
>>CANNON: That's why
she's so wonderful what
she writes because
she helps explain what
we can learn from our dreams.
She helps explain how it can
make us better understand
ourselves and grow and flourish,
particularly around nightmares
because people get
scared about nightmares.
>>GEORGE: Big time.
>>CANNON: And she helps us
understand, in a very pragmatic
way, that it's not the end.
It's the beginning of learning
and understanding and growth.
And that's what
I love about her.
>>GEORGE: Do you have to be
a believer for any of this
to work?
>>CANNON: When I'm asked that
question, I say, do the work,
and then tell me
if you believe it
or not because you'll
notice the change.
>>GEORGE: Big time.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Back to karma
for a moment, Georgina.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: What do
you think of it?
>>CANNON: I think it's a
bit like being a mother.
Everybody blames
karma for everything,
like people blame their
mother for everything.
But what happens with karma
is when you bring something
into this life, it teaches
you, if you're listening to it,
what you can make
change and how you
can make change to make
your life richer and better.
So I came into this
current life as a victim.
I'd had many lives as a
victim, and my early life
was not very pleasant.
But at one point,
I had to decide,
am I going to stay a
victim or be a hero?
And once you understand
the pattern or the karma
you've brought in, then
you can choose your life
and how to make change and
make it richer, fuller,
and more beneficial, generally.
>>GEORGE: Do you teach this
in your "Self Discovery" book?
>>CANNON: I do, indeed.
Yes.
>>GEORGE: Should parents
use this for their kids?
>>CANNON: Kids understand
this more than adults do.
>>GEORGE: Why?
How?
>>CANNON: Because they
haven't lost their connection
to spirituality,
especially early teens.
I find early teens
really understand
there is more than what
they're taught in school.
There's more than what their
parents have told them.
There's more out there
that they have yet
to discover about themselves.
And that's why we get so
much pushback, quite often.
They don't know why
they're pushing back,
but they know they're
pushing back for a reason.
And this book certainly
will help them.
>>GEORGE: What are
some of the techniques
that you would recommend to
people to change their karma,
to change their life?
>>CANNON: A
past-life regression.
First of all, then you
would learn the patterns
that you brought in with you.
Know what your numbers are.
Know what your creativity
is so that you understand
where your ideas come from and
how you might use them best.
And those ideas can
be in the kitchen,
they can be in
the artist studio,
or they can be in business.
Being creative isn't
restricted to any one genre.
>>GEORGE: It's wide open.
>>CANNON: It's wide
open to life, right?
There are others-- face reading.
Face reading tells you
a lot about a person.
That's also a
chapter in the book.
>>GEORGE: That would be
an intriguing segment,
face reading.
You can tell somebody's
mood, their character,
a lot of things.
>>CANNON: Character by the
placement of their eyes,
placement of their eyebrows--
>>GEORGE: The way
they look, smile--
>>CANNON: --the way
they smile, placement
of their bone structure.
Yeah, not all of it is genetic.
>>GEORGE: What is Strengths,
Weaknesses, Opportunities, and
Threats, you call SWOT.
>>CANNON: SWOT.
It's used a lot in corporate
language for people
to find out what their
corporate strengths are
and weaknesses are.
Sometimes, when people go for
interviews for senior jobs,
they're given a test for their
strengths and weaknesses.
But you can use it for yourself.
Because once you understand
what your weaknesses are,
then you can find out more
about your strengths as well.
And you can put more energy
towards your strengths
and not so much focus
on your weaknesses.
You know, when people say,
oh, I wish I could sing.
I keep trying to sing,
or I wish I was musical.
Instead of worrying about that--
>>GEORGE: --just do it.
>>CANNON: Not like to do it.
But what about what
you're good at?
How about if you're
good at dancing,
or you're good at something
else like painting?
Then why not put
all your energies
into what you're good at.
>>GEORGE: See, I'm convinced
you can be good at anything
you apply yourself to.
>>CANNON: You can be good
but not necessarily brilliant
at it, I would say to you.
>>GEORGE: It depends
on who you are.
>>CANNON: It depends
on your natural talent.
You know, some
people are born being
able to play the
piano although there's
no musician in the family.
>>GEORGE: I couldn't play
the clarinet in high school
if I wanted to.
>>CANNON: And now?
>>GEORGE: But I could sing.
>>CANNON: Do you still sing?
>>GEORGE: Absolutely,
live shows.
I love it.
It's like fun.
It's a hobby.
But put a clarinet in
my hand or a guitar
and say, strum it and play it.
I couldn't do that.
>>CANNON: But you've
got an ear for voice.
>>GEORGE: But I have
an ear for voice.
>>CANNON: Oh, that's fantastic.
What a gift that is.
Now, next time around,
I want that gift.
That's a gift.
So what do you sing?
What sort of music do you sing?
>>GEORGE: Old stuff--
Elvis Presley, Sinatra.
>>CANNON: Oh, Sinatra.
Tony Bennett?
>>GEORGE: I left my
heart in San Francisco.
>>CANNON: Yes.
Could you give us a little song?
>>GEORGE: There's no music here.
>>CANNON: We could get it.
[LAUGHS]
>>GEORGE: You have to
come to my live shows.
>>CANNON: I'd love that.
That'd be great.
>>GEORGE: But anyway, let's
talk about Kim Caughlin.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Who is Kim Caughlin?
>>CANNON: Kim is
a corporate coach,
and she shines with positive
energy and creativity
and kindness and a
sense of direction.
She's the sort of
person that can
see the leaf on the
branch of the tree
and helps you get there.
>>GEORGE: So she's an expert
on your theory of SWOT.
Let's take a look at her.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- The SWOT analysis, when
applied to a personal goal,
is a powerful way to
foster self-reflection,
to set intentionality, and to
drive action towards a goal
of your choosing.
Whether it be a career
or a health goal,
you can use the SWOT
analysis to really accelerate
your understanding of
how to achieve the goal
and what actions are best taken.
SWOT is an acronym.
It stands for Strengths,
Weaknesses, Opportunities,
and Threats.
For example, what strengths do
you have attached to your goal?
What weaknesses or
areas or traits that
are holding you back
from achieving that goal?
What are some opportunities
that are out there
to achieve your dreams?
And what are some threats
that might be holding you back
from accelerating
towards this goal?
My name is Kim Caughlin, and
if you want to find out more,
check out chapter 16--
"How to SWOT Your Personal
Goals to Success."
I've laid out questions
in an easy-to-follow way
to prompt you so
that you can really
analyze your goals
faster and easier
and really understand
how you want
to get to where you want to go.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>GEORGE: You really have some
great experts in this book.
>>CANNON: Oh, they are amazing.
>>GEORGE: Good job.
>>CANNON: Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, I didn't only want
brains, I wanted heart too.
And you can see.
>>GEORGE: And you
could tell there's
a lot of heart
behind these people.
>>CANNON: It's so important.
>>GEORGE: What results have
you seen in people change,
where you went--
they were difficult
in the beginning,
and then toward the end,
they were pretty remarkable.
>>CANNON: I've seen
some remarkable change.
I've been working in the clinic,
hypnosis clinic for over 23
years now.
And as well as doing
hypnosis and NLP,
I also coach and teach.
And I've seen,
particularly in classes
where I teach, people
come in because they
practice in the class.
And the manifestation of the
lessons they learn changes
lives.
They find more self-confidence.
They understand how to set
goals that they can achieve.
They understand how to manage
their anger or irritation
or let go of it.
And they understand that--
big learning, I
find, with people is
they expect people to
understand and appreciate them.
So how about you
understanding and appreciate
the other person?
And let them be what they are.
>>GEORGE: Have you seen
people, Georgina, get very
emotional with all of this?
>>CANNON: All the time.
>>GEORGE: They break down?
They cry?
>>CANNON: All the time.
In fact, for any
session I do, online,
I say make sure you have
a box of Kleenex with you.
Because what I'm looking
for is the aha in the eyes.
Because a lot of times, it's
just the questions I ask.
They suddenly, oh,
oh, now I understand.
And yeah.
>>GEORGE: We do
it at our events--
>>CANNON: It's beautiful.
>>GEORGE: --live events,
four of them every year.
And one of the
first things we do
is we pay tribute to our first
responders and our military,
past and present.
And we have a band
there playing "When
Johnny Comes Marching Home,"
and it's just pretty dramatic.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: But I break up
almost all the time we do it.
I'm on stage, almost
in tears, standing
in front of all these
people like a little baby.
>>CANNON: It shows your heart.
>>GEORGE: Is that what that is?
>>CANNON: It shows your
heart and your soul,
not just your heart,
but it shows your soul,
that you are feeling
gratitude, immense gratitude
and understanding of
what they went through
and what they stand for.
Yes, that's what that is.
>>GEORGE: And I asked
them to stand if they can.
And let me rephrase
what I'm meant by that.
I was in Norfolk,
Virginia, a couple
of years ago at a live event.
And I had an opening skit in
front of these military people
where, with a blanket, I can
make my leg disappear and come
back.
It's an amazing illusion.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>GEORGE: And I'm ready
to do this on stage,
there's 400 people
in the theater,
and I look in the front row has
got all these veterans without
legs who had lost
them in their action--
Vietnam primarily,
maybe Afghanistan.
I couldn't do the thing.
I couldn't do it.
It would have been
inappropriate.
>>CANNON: Yes, yes.
>>GEORGE: Thank God I
realized that at that time.
>>CANNON: You realized it
because it comes from here.
You weren't acting from here.
You realized it because
of your empathy.
>>GEORGE: It's the
heart that stopped me.
>>CANNON: Yes, right.
>>GEORGE: How do people
evaluate where they're headed,
or do they have to go to
someone like you for the advice?
>>CANNON: They, first of all,
need to know they want help--
>>GEORGE: They have to
realize that themselves?
>>CANNON: --have to
realize they want help.
And they have to realize
that it takes courage.
And I always
acknowledge the courage
that it takes to change.
Because we move at
the speed of pain
until that pain gets unbearable,
then we put up with stuff.
When we can't put up
with stuff anymore,
whether it be our own
stuff or stuff around us,
then we seek help,
whether it be help
of leaving a
partnership in business,
a marriage, a relationship,
or help with friendships,
or help with self.
If the pain is
unbearable, then we
seek change because
change isn't easy,
but it takes determination.
It takes commitment.
>>GEORGE: Guts?
>>CANNON: Guts?
For sure, guts.
Because we're moving
from what we know,
as painful it is,
to the unknown.
And that's why hypnosis
helps because we
can do what we call future
pacing, which you can imagine
what your life will be like.
>>GEORGE: Does somebody
remember under hypnosis
what they've just told you?
>>CANNON: Yes.
Oh, totally.
>>GEORGE: They do remember that.
>>CANNON: Oh, they
remember everything.
>>GEORGE: So it's not like
you have to play a tape back
for them to hear.
>>CANNON: No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Sometimes, people
are concerned what's
going to happen in hypnosis.
They think they're
going to levitate,
or they're going to bark like
a dog or quack like a duck
or something.
>>GEORGE: Exactly.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
And no, no, not at all.
They're in control all the time.
And should they wish to,
they can bring themselves out
of hypnosis.
>>GEORGE: The old TV
shows were the hypnotist
would make people do that,
quack like a duck and stuff,
was that real?
>>CANNON: It's real.
But remember, the client,
the person in hypnosis
is always in control.
And when you're
watching a stage show,
everybody that's up on
stage is a volunteer,
so they went up
there to have fun.
>>GEORGE: Right.
>>CANNON: So that's what
they're having is fun,
and they could
leave at any time.
>>GEORGE: How do
people find you?
>>CANNON: They find me on Zoom.
They find me on Google.
>>GEORGE: Through your name?
>>CANNON: Georgina Cannon
at georginacannon.com.
>>GEORGE: OK.
>>CANNON: Or they can
find me on Facebook.
>>GEORGE: And your books
available all over the place?
>>CANNON: My books are
available all over the place.
And, of course, Amazon
all four of them.
>>GEORGE: You do a great
job for humanity, Georgina.
Keep it up.
>>CANNON: Oh, bless
your wonderful heart.
You too, George.
>>GEORGE: Georgina, thanks
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CANNON: Oh, it's
been a delight,
and thank you from the heart.
Thank you.
>>GEORGE: Well, you show a lot
of empathy for a lot of people,
and it's no wonder you're
good at what you do.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]